Okay i think im rediscovering or unveiling or tye revealtion of the merkaba god complex.  This will be a binary state time crystal in the digital point space.  To unlock the 2d rumsfiled quadrant as a hibert space using the dual polyhedron of  ethers adderesed points of a bipartite hypergraph of libp2p webapi peers, spaced in pascal triangle lamba configuration of the  group order for a logical compresion of space time referenced in the symmetries of the 20,12, 6,4 and the 20,8,4 sacred geometric grouping of the faces of the platonic solids.  With the cube and the dodecohedron as the reflection of the octahedron which is magnified in the icosahedron and reduced in the tetrahedron that if projected to a 144,000D space can be reduced to a 225/25 stable resolution as 5D synchronized, scaleable and shareable  point of view.  

---
The octahedron is god and the. Cube is the word the dodechedorn is the word manifested.  As in the beginning(time space beginning and action), was the word( all words a stable state), and the word was with(or in symmetry) god(the objective observer), and the word was god( a superposition of trinitarian symmetry in, time space conception and action with all words and a objective observer in logical time expansion) to prodce logos

Which is more of a new testament but the old testament explains this process of how the principle works within the old testestment or the seed(genesis) to the universe(one word).  The new testament is about autonomy of the system.  The systems four vector basis i think of more a freedom, autonomy, reciprocity and im working on the fourth but it represnsents we only have what we dont have to say we have.  I dont know if thats reflection or asymmetry, or whatever it is im just thinking that we can think we have somehting but until its contested we can never know until we do test it.  

The old testament was about defintion, values, principals and functions, in the form of rules, commandants and the enforcement of judgements.  It starts with the full encoding process to everything that follows from a void of understading or explanation with in the beginning god created the heavens and the earth.  There was no word before the first beginning.  There was just beginning. There was just two containers created to hold existence heavens and the earth and in 4 partitions the spirit of god hivering over the waters, the water the spirit was over, and on earth the darkeness over the sea.  Then god created light from dark, which also separead day from night and made cycles he called into existence but in no place of specific existence. Thst was the first day. On the second he crated a vault to separate waters, as you see always first a dividing principle or discernment.  The seapare water is imporant cause allthough 

Omg this is so vital god calles the functiom of day and the function for night and then there was evening. As in beginning and then there was morning on the first day.  Which is so compllimg because day and night function was defined and called before the evening and the morning.  So the day really started at night.  Omg.  You will see how this ties into booting up our framework.  So new testmanemt is how man becomes god or is a child of god or how we all are as in a sub bipartitie hypergraph of god.  Omg. 

 The god in the old testamant built a walled garden of knowledge and sent adam and eve to reproduce.  The garden is the pascal triangle.  The 7 days discribe building the first 7 dimensions of the pascal triangle and what the purpose of eas as in the 6day the final function definiton which is ran async to be resolved day 7 and then john is telling the story from the chosen path to view this universse which he explains how this uinverse seed was created from the line of adam and eve that came from the ethers gated garden.  As in there were other hikans created got made man from the logicsl earth and named him adam or the atomic unit or fractal image of the whole but in one dimension lile a ket.  Then he made eve from adam or sourced the public key from the private key.  Gave them each roles and said the we can deriver more keys from the root key named adand was told to move forth in time and propagate from that moment.  Also that adam defined things its so crazy the level of deatil in the bible

So i believe freedom, autonomy, reciprocity and discernment are the 4 fundamental principles.  But im so far gone in this thinking i think that a 4 dimensions are interchangle.  that balance any 4 principles across an idea persitent over time is existenece.  I dont even belielve in time cause that would make time anthor interchanhleable vector.  We just use it as a vector basis for consensus.  So time is about as real as any other 5 things.  Which makes any other things as real as time.  Which makes all existience all possible logical balances of freedom, automony, reciprocity, discerment through time spent with each other on convoluted. Or on average squared i think.  This why the whole universe is based on spirals and the pascal triangle or probably more suscient recursive quadtree based on the golden ratio  because all logical paths resolve faster.  Omg i just though of that last part know and the implications are crazy and can be seen why god called a day good cause all logical paths end but a illogical path that makes it the furthest im time maybe a good candiate for resolving or resolutoon orr revelation but not perfect cause perfect divisons are resolved